LPAL-811 Fixes to Make service to support DR mode. (#1014)
ministryofjustice/opg-lpa: docs/runbooks/disaster_recovery/switching_to_dr.md

  - [3. Provision environment level resources](#3-provision-environment-level-resources)
  - [4. Set up CI ingress and commit changes](#4-set-up-ci-ingress-and-commit-changes)

### Notes on replacement values

Use the following as replacement values, depending on the scenario:

- `<account_name>` refers to relevant aws account name e.g. `development, preproduction, or production`
- `<prod_or_non_prod>` refers to type of alert i.e `Production` for production alerts, otherwise `Non-Production` for Development or Preproduction alerts.
- `<my-workspace>` refers to the ephemeral environment workspace to select in development account; `preproduction` or `production` in those accounts respectively.

### 1. Provision region level resources

1. In the opg-lpa repository folder, run `direnv allow` if it doesn’t autorun `tfswitch`.
2. Go to `terraform/region` folder.
3. Select workspace at region level e.g.:`export TF_workspace=<account_name>`.
4. Set `breakglass` role; this is only for non development accounts: `export TF_VAR_default_role=breakglass`.
5. Perform an initialisation of the workspace  `aws-exec vault identity — terraform init`.

> 6. In the `terraform.tfvars.json’ under the “accounts" -> “development", change “dr_enabled” value to true and save.

Reviewer: should this align with the workspace name? so 

```suggestion
6. In the `terraform.tfvars.json’ under the “accounts" -> “<account_name>", change “dr_enabled” value to true and save.
```

7. Run a plan on region: `aws-vault exec identity — terraform plan`.

> 8. Check contents of the plan.

Reviewer: anything to look out for in particular or that would be undesireable?

Author: Just general issues like failed resource deployments. we saw little issues once we resolved any region specific problems.

Author: ```suggestion
8. Check contents of the plan. things to look out for include: 
     - no destruction of resources in eu-west-1
     - approx 83 created resources
```

4. Click on `Edit Integration` in the top right of the page.
5. Select all of `The code you want to execute` value and copy this over.
6. Click `cancel` to close.
7. Click on the `<prod_or_non_prod> Make a Lasting Power of Attorney Database Alerts` breacrumb to go back
8. In the integrations tab look for `<account_name> eu-west-2 Region DB Alerts` and click the cog icon.
9. Click on edit integration on the top right of the page.
10. In the code you want to execute value, paste to replace the previous code.
11. Set Debg mode to Disabled (or leave as is in case of issues).
12. Click `save changes`.

The region level set up is complete at this point.

## 3. Provision environment level resources

1. Go to the `terraform/environment` folder, and enter credentials as requested for AWS.
2. List the workspaces to find the environment you are interested in by running `aws-vault exec identity -- terraform workspace list`.
3. Select your workspace from the list and switch to it:  `aws-vault exec identity --  terraform workspace select <my-workspace>`.
4. perform an initialisation of the workspace:  `aws-exec vault identity — terraform init`.

> 5. In the `terraform.tfvars.json’ under the “accounts" -> “development", change “dr_enabled” value to true and save the file.

Reviewer: same question here as above with region level configuration

Author: ```suggestion
5. In the `terraform.tfvars.json’ under the “accounts" -> “<account_name>", change “dr_enabled” value to true and save the file.
```

6. Run a plan on region: `aws-vault exec identity — terraform plan`.
7. Check contents of plan.

> 8. Run apply on region, `aws-vault exec identity — terraform plan`.

Reviewer: says apply, executes plan

Author: ```suggestion
8. Run apply on region, `aws-vault exec identity — terraform apply`.
```
